Hello past, present and future Rubbers,

Placement has given us the nod again. Rubber Armstrong is in good standing for the 10th year running.

Our Statement of Intent for Burning Man 2026 is submitted, and we are planning to return. We have also requested 40 Steward Sale tickets.

We are in advanced talks with a tent manufacturer on a new run of tents with serious upgrades. That means we will have around 25 existing Rubber Armstrong tents available for sale. If you know another camp that could use proven shelter, reach out to us at rubberarmstrongcamp@gmail.com.

We have been going through the post playa survey properly, and the changes are already being built into 2026 and we are working on some exciting upgrades.

If you're interested in joining us for 2026, please complete the Statement of Intent form. If you know someone that you think would be a good fit with our fam, feel free to forward them this invite.

---

ABOUT THE STATEMENT OF INTENT:
This is a brief form (about 5 minutes) that helps us understand who you are, what you bring to the camp, and your interest in joining. It's not a ticket, not a guarantee of placement, but the first step in our process. Submissions are reviewed manually, and we'll contact approved applicants after major ticket sales conclude (typically mid-to-late March). If you're interested in potentially receiving a Steward Sale ticket allocation, indicate this in your SOI. Note: Expressing interest does not guarantee a ticket.

---

IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN JOINING US FOR 2026, PLEASE COMPLETE THE STATEMENT OF INTENT FORM:

https://track.rubberarmstrong.com/c/{{EmailHash}}/soi_form

---

Use the questions at the end to tell us if you are keen to step into a new role within camp, if you can come help in August either at the yard or on playa, and if you are new to Rubber Armstrong then introduce yourself and share what you would bring to the crew.

Dusty hugs,
Rubber Armstrong

---

Sent by Rubber Armstrong Camp for Burning Man 2026
Questions? Reply to this email or contact rubberarmstrongcamp@gmail.com
Don't want future updates? Visit: https://track.rubberarmstrong.com/c/{{EmailHash}}/unsubscribe

